this is the home of a mammal first seen
by scientists as recently as 1994
even the locals rarely see it and it is
never being filmed until now it lives in
trees but it's not a monkey primates
never made the jump across the water to
this island
this is a rare glimpse of an almost
unknown island oddity the dingey so
about the size of a Labrador and with
bear-like features it is amazingly a
type of kangaroo a tree kangaroo it
lives at a higher altitude than any
other kangaroo hence the woolly coat
kangaroos usually feed on grass but here
on you Guinea they've climbed into the
trees where the greenery is more
abundant
so the dinky so is a kangaroo which
lives high in the mountains and climbs
trees but then islands do have a habit
of producing rather unusual animals
why because Islands offer fresh
opportunities to the creatures that find
their way there with no monkeys in New
Guinea the freedom to browse in the
trees has gone to the Kangaroos